Fixes and additions to the spec. (#39)
devcontainers/spec: docs/specs/supporting-tools.md

> **Tip:** If you've already built a codespace and connected to it, be sure to run **Codespaces: Rebuild Container** from the Command Palette (`kbstyle(F1)`) to pick up any changes you make.

> > **Tip** Codespaces does implement an auto `workspace-folder` mount in **Docker compose** scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Tip** Codespaces implements an auto `workspaceFolder` mount in **Docker Compose** scenarios.
```
